## Understanding Common CSS Terms
### Selectors
A selector designate exactly which element or elements within an HTML to target and apply styles to. Selectors may include a combination of different qualifiers to select unique elements depending on the level of specificity (e.g., every paragraph on a page, or only one specific paragraph). Selectors generally target an attribute value (i.e., an `id` or `class` value) or the type of element (i.e., `<h1>` or `<p>`).

Within CSS, selectors are followed with curly brackets `{ }`, which encompass the styles to be applied to the selected element.

```css
p { ... } /* Targets all the <p> elements of the page. */
```

### Properties
Once an element is selected, a property determines the styles that will be applied to that element. Property names fall after a selecter, within the curly brackets `{ }` and before a colon `:`. Examples of common properties include `background`, `color`, `font-size`, `height`, `width`...

```css
p {
  color: ...;
  font-size: ...;
}
```

### Values
Values determine the behaviour of a property. Values are identified as the text between the colon `:` and semicolon `;`.

```css
p {
  color: orange;
  font-size: 16px;
}
```

## Working with Selectors
### Type Selectors
Type selectors target elements by their element type.

```css
div { ... } /* Targets all the <div> elements */
```
```html
<div> ... </div>
<div> ... </div>
```

### Class Selectors
Class selectors target an element based on the element's `class` attribute value. Class selectors are more specific than type selectors. They enable us to apply the same styles to different elements at once by using the same `class` attribute value across multipe elements.

Within CSS, classes are denoted by a leading period `.`, followed by the class attribute value.

```css
.awesome { ... } /* Targets all the elements with a class attribute value of awesome */
```
```html
<div class="awesome">...</div>
<p class="awesome">...</p>
```

### ID Selectors
ID selectors target one unique element at a time. ID selectors use an element's `id` attribute value as a selector. `id` attribute values can only be used once per page albeit which type of element they appear on.

Within CSS, ID selectors are denoted by a leading hash sign `#`, followed by the `id` attribute value.

```css
#launchschool { ... } /* Targets the element with an id attribute value of launchschool */
```
```html
<div id="launchschool">...</div>
```

Many more advanced selectors exist and are readily available.