## Building Structure
The structure of a web page was built using divisions. The problem was that divisions provide no semantic value, so it was fiarly difficult to determine the intention of the divisions.

HTML5 introduced new structurally based elements like `<header>`, `<nav>`, `<article>`, `<section>`, `<aside>`, and `<footer>`. They are all intended to give meaning to the organization of our pages and improve structural semantics. They are also all block-level elements and do not have any implied position or style. Additionally, all of them may be used multiple times per page, so long as each use reflects the proper semantic meaning.

### Header
The `<header>` element identifies the top of a page, article, section, or other segment of a page. In general, a `<header>` element may include a heading, introductory text, and even navigation.

#### `<header>` VS. `<head>` VS. `<h1>`-`<h6>`
`<header>`
- A structural element that outlines the heading of a segment of a page
- Lies within the `<body>` element

`<head>`
- Not displayed on a page
- Outlines metadata like the document title, and links to external files
- Lies within the `<html>` element

`<h1>`-`<h6>`
- Designate multiple levels of text headings throughout a page

### Navigation
The `<nav>` element identifies a section of major navigational links on a page. It should be reserved for primary navigation sections only, such as global navigation, a table of contents, previous/next links, or other noteworthy groups of navigational links.

Most commonly, links contained within the `<nav>` element will link to other pages within the same website or to parts of the same web page.

### Article
The `<article>` element identifies a section of independent, self-contained content that may be independently distributed or reused. It is often used to mark up blog posts, newspaper articles, user-submitted content, etc.

A key marker of whether to use the `<article>` element is if the content within the element can be replicated elsewhere without any confusion.

### Section
The `<section>` element identifies a thematic grouping of content, which generally (but not always) includes a heading. The grouping of content within the `<section>` element may be generic in nature, but it's useful to identify all of the content as related. It is commonly used to break up and provide hierarchy to a page.

#### `<article>` VS. `<section>` VS. `<div>`
Both the `<article>` and `<section>` elements contribute to a document's structure and help to outline a document.

Use the `<div>` element if the content doesn't provide value to the outline of a document and is being grouped solely for styling purposes.

Use the `<article>` element if the content adds to the document outline and can be independently redistributed or syndicated.

Use the `<section>` element if the content adds to the document outline and represents a thematic group of content.

### Aside
The `<aside>` element holds content that is tangentially related to the content surrounding it, such as sidebars, inserts, or brief explanations. For example, when used within an `<article>` element, the `<aside>` element may identify content related to the author of the article.

### Footer
The `<footer>` element identifies the closing or end of a page, article, section, or other segment of a page. In general, the `<footer>` element is found at the bottom of its parent. Content within the `<footer>` element should be relative information to the document or section it is included within.

#### Encoding Special Characters
Special characters—various punctuation marks, accented letters, and symbols—if typed directly into HTML, are misunderstood for the wrong characters, so they need to be encoded.

Each encoded character begins with an ampersand `&` and ends with a semicolon `;`. A character's unique encoding falls between the `&` and `;`, be it its name or numeric encoding.