## Creating Hyperlinks
Hyperlinks are established using the anchor `<a>` inline-level element with a `href` hyperlink reference attribute. The `href` attribute value identifies the destination of the link.

```html
<a href="https://launchschool.com">Launch School</a>
```

#### Wrapping Block-Level Elements with Anchors
According to web standards, inline-level elements may not wrap block-level elements.
However, with the introduction of HTML5, anchor elements specifically have permission to wrap either block-, inline-, or any other level elements. This enables entire blocks of content on a page to become links.

### Relative & Absolute Paths
Links pointing to other pages of the same website will have a relative path, which does not include the domain in the `href` attribute value. Because the link is pointing to another page on the same website, the `href` attribute value needs to include only the filename of the page being linked to: `about.html`, for example.

If the page being linked to resides within a different directory, the `href` attribute value also needs to reflect it: `pages/about.html`, if `about.html` resides within a `pages` directory.

Links pointing to other websites outside of the current one requires an absolute path, where the `href` attribute value includes the full domain.

### Linking to an Email Address
To create an email link, the `href` attribute value needs to start with `mailto:` followed by the email address to which the email should be sent.

To have other information for the email automatically populated by the user's default email client:
- Include the `subject=` parameter after the email address to add a subject line
  - The first parameter following the email address must begin with a question mark `?` to bind it to the hyperlink path
  - Multiple words within a subject line require that spaces be encoded using `%20`
- Use the `body=` parameter in the `href` attribute value to add body text
  - Use the ampersand `&` separate parameters

```html
<!-- An email link to shay@awesome.com with the subject of "Reaching Out and body text of "How are you" -->
<a href="mailto:shay@awesome.com?subject=Reaching%20Out&body=How%20are%20you">Email Me</a>
```

### Opening Links in a New Window
Hyperlinks have the ability to determine where a link opens when clicked.

To trigger the action of opening a link in a new window, use the `target` attribute with a value of `_blank`. The `target` attribute determines exactly where the link will be displayed, and the `_blank` value specifies a new window.

```html
<a href="https://launchschool.com" target="_blank">Launch School</a>
```

### Linking to Parts of the Same Page
There are hyperlinks that link to a part of the same page the link appears on. A common example is a "Back to top" link/button.

An on-page link can be created by first setting an `id` attribute on the element we wish to link to, then using a pound sign `#` (this is a fragment identifier and it tells the browser to not load a new page) and the value of the `id` attribute within an anchor element's `href` attribute.

```html
<body id="top">
  ...
  <a href="#top">Back to top</a>
  ...
</body>
```