# Getting to Know CSS
It's crucial to know exactly how styles are rendered—how different types of selectors work and how the order of those selectors can affect how our styles are rendered.

## The Cascade
Within CSS, all styles cascade from the top of a style sheet to the bottom, allowing different styles to be added or overwritten as the style sheet progresses.

```css
p {
  background: orange;
  font-size: 24px;
}
p {
  background: green;
}
```

All of the paragraphs will appear with a `green` background because the selector that sets the background colour to `green` comes after the `orange` one. The font size, though, remains `24px`.

### Cascading Properties
```css
p {
  background: orange;
  background: green;
}
```

Here, the background of all the paragraphs are `green` because cascade also works with properties inside individual selectors.

## Calculating Specificity
Every selector in CSS has a specificity weight. A selector's specificity weight, along with its placement in the cascade, identifies how its styles will be rendered.

The type selector:  lowest specificity weight with a point value of `0-0-1`.
The class selector: medium specificity weight with a point value of `0-1-0`.
The ID selector:    high specificity weight with a point value of `1-0-0`.

Specificity points are calculated using three columns: The first counts ID selectors, the second class selectors, and the third type selectors. The higher the specificity weight of a selector, the more superiority the selector is given when a styling conflict occurs.

```html
<p id="food">...<p>
```

```css
#food {
  background: green;
}

p {
  background: organge;
}
```

Here, although the type selector comes after the ID selector in the cascade, the ID selector takes precedence over the type selector because it has a higher specificity weight, and consequently the paragraph appears with a `green` background.