## Combining Selectors
By combining selectors we can be more specific about which element or group of elements we select.

```html
<div class="hotdog">
  <p>...<p>
  <p>...<p>
  <p class="mustard">...</p>
</div>
```

```css
/* Only select paragraph elements that is contained within an element with a class attribute value of hotdog */
.hotdog p {
  background: brown;
}
/* Only select paragraph elements with an attribute value of mustard, and which are also within an element with a class attribute value of hotdog*/
.hotdog p.mustard {
  background: yellow;
}
```

Combined selectors should be read right to left. The selector farthest to the right, directly before the opening curly bracket, is the key selector. The key selector identifies exactly which element the styles will be applied to. Any selector to the left of the key selector will serve as a prequalifier.

#### Spaces Within Selectors
The use and omission of spaces makes a big difference in selectors.

```css
.hotdog p.mustard {
  background: yellow;
}
```

Because there is no space between the paragraph type selector and the `mustard` class selector, the selector will only select paragraph elements with the class of `mustard`. If the paragraph type selector was removed, and the `mustard` class selector had spaces on both sides of it, it would select any element with the class of `mustard`.

The best practice is to refrain from prefixing a class selector with a type selector. Generally we want to select any element with a given class, not just one type of element. Therefore, `.hotdog .mustard`.

### Specificity Within Combined Selectors
When selectors are combined, so are the specificity weights of the individual selectors.

`.hotdog p`
- A class selector and a type selector
- Point value of a class selector: `0-1-0`
- Point value of a type selector: `0-0-1`
- Total combined point value: `0-1-1`

`.hotdog p.mustard`
- Two class selectors and a type selector
- Total combined point value: `0-2-1`

```css
.hotdog p.mustard {
  background: yellow;
}

.hotdog p {
  background: brown;
}
```

Here, because of its higher specificity weight and point value, `.hotdog p.mustard` takes precedence despite being at the top of the cascade.

## Layering Styles with Multiple Classes
One way to keep specificity weight low → Be as modular as possible → Layer on different styles by using multiple classes

HTML elements can have multiple class attribute values if they are separated by a space. We can use this to apply styles to all elements of one class, and other styles to all elements of another class. We can begin layering additional styles using additional classes that are more specific.

```html
<a class="button button-danger">...</a>
<a class="button button-success">...</a>
```

```css
.button {
  font-size: 16px;
}

.button-danger {
  color: red;
}

.button-success {
  color: green;
}
```