## Common CSS Property Values
### Colors
All CSS color values are defined on an sRGB space with four primary ways of representation: keywords, hexadecimal notation, and RBG and HSL values.

### Keyword Colors
Keyword color values are names that map to a given color with both determined by the CSS specification.
- black
- silver
- gray
- white
- maroon
- red
- purple
- fuchsia
- green
- olive
- lime
- yellow
- navy
- blue
- teal
- aqua

## Hexadecimal Colors
Hexadecimal color values consist of a `#` followed by a three- or six-character figure:
- The figures are `0` through `9` and `a` through `f` (upper or lower case)
- These figure values map to the red, green, and blue color channels
- Six-character notation: 1 & 2 → red channel; 3 & 4 → green channel; 5 & 6 → blue channel
  - If the first two characters are a matching pair, then the other two pairs are also matching pairs
  - In this case the six-character figure can be shortened to a three-character figure
  - The character pairs are obtained by converting `0` through `255` into a base-16 (hexadecimal) format
- Three-character notation: 1 → red channel; 2 → green channel; 3 → blue channel

```css
.task {
  background: maroon;
}

.count {
  background: yellow;
}
```

```css
.task {
  background: #800000;
}

.count {
  background: #ff0;
}
```

### RGB & RGBa Colors
RGB color values are stated using the `rgb()` function that accepts three comma-separated values, each of which is an integer from `0` to `255`.

```css
.task {
  background: rgb(128, 0, 0);
}

.count {
  backgorund: rgb(255, 255, 0);
}
```

RGB color values may also include an alpha, or transparency, channel by using the `rgba()` function. `rgba()` requires a fourth value, which must be a number between `0` and `1`, including decimals. `0` creates a fully transparent color (invisible), and `1` creates a fully opaque color. Anything between creates a semi-transparent color.

```css
.task {
  background: rgba(128, 0, 0, 25);
}

.count {
  background: rgba(255, 255, 0, 1);
}
```

### HSL & HSLa Colors
HSL color values are stated using the `hsl()` function which stands for hue, saturation, and lightness. It also accepts three comma-separated argument values.

The hue value is a number from `0` to `360`, which represents the color wheel and the number value identifies the degree of a color on the color wheel.

The saturation and lightness values are percentage values from `0` to `100%`. The saturation value identifies how saturated with color the hue is, with `0` being grayscale and `100%` being fully saturated. The lightness identifies how dark or light the hue value is, with `0` being completely black and `100%` being completely white.

```css
.task {
  background: hsl(0, 100%, 25%);
}

.count {
  background: hsl(60, 100%, 50%);
}
```

HSL color values may also include an alpha channel with `hsla()`, which behaves similarily to `rgba()`.

```css
.task {
  background: hsla(0, 100%, 25%, .25);
}

.count {
  background: hsla(60, 100%, 50%, 1);
}
```

The HSL color value is the newest color value supported in CSS. For the time being, hexadecimal values remain the most popular, though RGBa values are preferred when an alpha channel is required.