# 1
Because the `img` element has an `content-box` value for `display`, its rendered width is: 500px + 10px + 10px + 4px + 4px = 528px, and its rendered height is: 300px + 20px + 20px + 4px + 4px = 348px. Therefore, the `div` must be at least 528px * 348px.

(I don't know how which values for `padding` and `margin` are for which side. I also don't know if the two additions should include the `margin` values.)

**Correction:**
Width = 500px (image content width) + 8px (border * 2) + 40px (padding left & right) + 11px (left margin) + 19px (right margin) + 2px (`div` border left & right) = 580px

Height = 300 (image content height) + 8px (border * 2) + 20px (padding top & bottom) + 20px (top margin) + 10px (bottom margin) + 2px (`div` border left & right) = 360px

Also, the `img` element has an `content-box` value for ~~`display`~~ `box-sizing`.

# 2.
I had to look up my notes on block elements because the only major difference I could find between the `img` and `section`'s CSS properties was `section` has `display: block;` instead of `inline-block`.

My notes say: "By default, a `block` element occupies all horizontal space available within its container, leaving no space to the left or right." Even with this piece of information, I'm still not sure how it changes the dimensions of the `div` element in this question. I am guessing that the `div` element dimensions will remain 580px in width and 360px in height, because the `div` element should just expand to fit and contain the `section` element, including its 1px border.

# 3.
`em` is an `inline` element, but I don't think that changes how it is wrapped by a `div` element in this context. Given that every other property and value are the same as those in the two previous questions, I think `div` 's minimum `width` and `height` remain 580px and 360px.

**Correction:**
Because `em`'s value for `display` is `inline`, the `width` and `height` specified in CSS are completely ignored. What ends up determining the actual rendered width and height of the `em` element is the content (likely text) and font metrics (line height). Furthermore, this also leads to the top and bottom `margin` values to be ignored, as well as top and bottom `padding` and `border` to be rendered visually without affecting layout.

# 4.
In this question, the `box-sizing` value for `article` is `border-box`. Therefore, the `height` and `width` values determine the final rendered height and width of the `article` element.

The minimum width and height of the `div` are thus: 502px for width and 302px for height.

**Correction:**
Margins must be included!
`div` width = 500px + 19px + 11px + 1px + 1px = 532px
`div` height = 300px + 20px + 10px + 1px + 1px = 332px

# 5.
2, 3, 6

# 6.
In the original code example, the two `article` elements will not be displayed side by side. This is because `article` are block elements by default, which means the first one will assume the entire width of its container, and the second one will appear below the first.

To fix this, I can explictly add `display: inline;` or `display: inline-block;` to `article`'s CSS:
```css
article {
  background-color: lime;
  border: 1px solid blue;
  display: inline; /* Or: inline-block */
  height: 100%;
  margin: 0;
  padding: 10px;
  width: 50%;
}
```

**Correction:**
The container `section` only has a total width of 900px. An article's content area width is set to `50%`, hence 450px, but a padding of 10px and a border of 1px are also prescribed. Therefore, once we set `display` to `inline-block` for the two `article` elements, they still wouldn't fit inside `section` because together they require a container width of 472px * 2 = 944px.

To actually make the two `article` elements fit inside `section`, their individual overall width must be 50% of `section`'s:
```css
article {
  background-color: lime;
  border: 1px solid blue;
  box-sizing: border-box;
  display: inline-block;
  height: 100%;
  margin: 0;
  padding: 10px;
  width: 50%;
}
```

Additionally, setting `display` to `inline` wouldn't work, because that will just lead to `article`'s width value to be completely ignored and letting its content decide whether the `article`s will fit side by side in `section`.

# 7.
This looks like a trick question. I don't know for sure, but my guess is the two `article` elements will be treated as `block` elements and end up not being displayed side by side despite `style` is explicitly set to `inline-block`. If my guess is correct, putting an element on a new line in the HTML document is a way to expliclty have the element rendered on a new line.

**Correction:**
Gemini: Because you set the elements to `inline-block`, the browser is now treating them like words in a sentence. When you wirte HTML and press "Enter" to put the second `<article>` on a new line, the browser reads that line break (and any indentation spaces) as a literal space character, just the space between two words. The first and second `<article>` takes up exactly 50% of the container's width, but the browser now also renders a space character between them that is usually 4px wide (depending on the font size). Because of this newly rendered space character, the second `<article>` is wrapped onto the next line. This problem usually occurs when one of the elements is an inline-block. The rest of the time, the extra space typically does not matter.