## Understanding Common CSS Terms
### Selectors
As elements are added to a web page, they may be styled using CSS. A selector deisgnates exactly which element or elements within an HTML to target and apply styles (such as colour, size, and position) to.

Selectors may include a combination of different qualifiers to select unique elements, all depending on how specific we wish to be. Selectors generally target an attribute value, such as an `id` or `class` value, or target the type of element, such as `<h1>` or `<p>`.

Within CSS, selectors are followed with curly brackets, `{ }`, which encompass the styles to be applied to the selected element. For instance, the selector here is targeting all `<p>` elements: `p { ... }`.

### Properties
Once an element is selected, a property determines the styles that will be applied to that element.

Property names fall after a selector, within the curly brackets, `{ }`, and immediately preceding a colon, `:`. There are numerous properties we can use, such as `background`, `color`, `font-size`, `height`, and `width`, and new properties are often added.

```css
p {
  color: ...;
  font-size: ...;
}
```

### Values
A value determines the behaviour of a property. Values can be identified as the text between the colon, `:`, and semicolon, `;`.

```css
p {
  color: orange;
  font-size: 16px;
}
```

Again, in CSS our rule set begins with the selector, which is immediately followed by curly brackets. Within these curly brackets are declarations consisting of property and value pairs. Each declaration begins with a property, which is followed by a colon, the property value, and finally a semicolon.