## Working with Selectors
### Type Selectors
Type selectors target elements by their element type. For example, should we wish to target all division elements, `<div>`, we would use a type selector of `div`.
```css
div { ... }
```
```html
<div>...</div>
<div>...</div>
```

### Class Selectors
Class selectors allow us to select an element based on the element's `class` attribute value. Class selectors are a little more specific than type selectors, as they select a particular group of elements rather than all elements of one type.

Class selectors allow us to apply the same styles to different elements at once by using the same `class` attribute value across multiple elements.

Within CSS, classes are denoted by a leading period, `.`, followed by the `class` attribute value. In the following example, the class selector will select any element containing the `class` attribute value of `awesome`, incuding both division and paragraph elements.

```css
.awesome { ... }
```
```html
<div class="awesome">...</div>
<p class="awesome">...</p>
```

### ID Selectors
ID selectors are even more precise than class selectors, as they target only one unique element at a time. ID selectors use an element's `id` attribute value as a selector.

Regardless of which type of element they appear on, `id` attribute values can only be used once per page. If used they should be reserved for significant elements.

Within CSS, ID selectors are denoted by a leading hash sign, `#`, followed by the `id` attribute value. In the following example, the ID selector will only select the element containing the `id` attribute value of `shayhowe`.

```css
#shayhowe { ... }
```
```html
<div id="shayhowe">...</div>
```

### Additional Selectors
Many more advanced selectors exist and are readily available.