## Referencing CSS
In order to get a CSS talking to an HTML, we need to reference the CSS file within the HTML. The best practice for referencing our CSS is to include all of our styles in a single external style sheet, which is referenced from within the `<head>` element of our HTML document. Using a single external style sheet allows us to use the same styles across an entire website and quickly make changes sitewide.

```
Other Options for Adding CSS
Using internal and inline styles are the two other options for referencing CSS, but they are generally frowned upon, as they make updating websites cumbersome and unwieldy.
```

Our CSS file (with a `.css` file extension) should be saved within the same folder, or subfolder, where our HTML file is located.

Within the `<head>` element of the HTMl document, the `<link>` element is used to define the relationship between the HTML file and the CSS file. Because we are linking to CSS, we use the `rel` attribute with a value of `stylesheet` to specify their relationship. Furthermore, the `href` (or hyperlink reference) attribute is used to identify the location, or path, of the CSS file.

```html
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="main.css">
</head>
```

## Using CSS Resets
Every browser has its own default styles for different elements. To ensure cross-browser compatibility, CSS resets have become widely used.

CSS resets take every common HTML element with a predefined style and provide one unified styles for all browsers. These resets generally involve removing any sizing, margins, paddings, or additional styles and toning these values down. Because CSS cascades from top to bottom, our reset needs to be at the very top of our style sheet. Doing so ensures that those styles are read first and that all of the different web browsers are working from a common baseline.
