## Using Text-Based Elements
### Headings
Headings are block-level elements, and they come in six different rankings, `<h1>` through `<h6>`. Headings help to quickly break up content and establish hierarchy, and they are key identifiers for users reading a page. They also help search engines to index and determine the content on a page.

Headings should be used in a relevant order to the page content, with the primary heading of a page or section marked up with an `<h1>` element then followed by subsequent headings as necessary. Each heading should be used where it is semantically valued.

```html
<h1>Heading Level 1</h1>
<h2>Heading Level 2</h2>
<h3>Heading Level 3</h3>
<h4>Heading Level 4</h4>
<h5>Heading Level 5</h5>
<h6>Heading Level 6</h6>
```

### Paragraphs
Headings are often followed by supporting paragraphs, which are defined using the `<p>` block-level element. Paragraphs can appear one after another, adding information on a page as desired.

```html
<p>Steve Jobs was a co-founder and longtime chief executive officer at Apple. On June 12, 2005, Steve gave the commencement address at Stanford University.</p>

<p>In his address Steve urged graduates to follow their dreams and, despite any setbacks, to never give up-advice which he sincerely took to heart.</p>
```

### Bold Text with Strong
To make text bold and place a strong importance on it, we'll use the `<strong>` inline-level element. There are two elements that will bold text for us: the `<strong>` and `<b>` elements.

The `<strong>` element is semantically used to give strong importance to text, and is thus the most popular option for bolding text. The `<b>` element, on the other hand, sematically means to stylistically offset text, which isn't always the best choice for text deserving prominent attention.

```html
<!-- Strong importance-->
<p><strong>Caution: </strong> Falling rocks.</p>

<!-- Stylistically offset -->
<p>This recipe calls for <b>bacon</b> and <b>baconnaise</b>.<p>
```

### Italicize Text with Emphasis
To place emphasis on text by italicizing it, we use the `<em>` in-line level element. There are also two elements that italicize text: the `<em>` and `<i>` elements.

The `<em>` element is used sematically to place a stressed emphasis on text, and is thus the most popular option for italicizing text. `<i>`, on the other hand, is used to semantically to convey text in an alternative voice or tone, almost as if it were placed in quotation marks.

```html
<!-- Stressed emphasis -->
<p>I <em>love</em> Chicago!</p>

<!-- Alternative voice or tone -->
<p>The name <i>Shay</i> maens a gift.</p>
```
